---- LUMBERIDGE ----
Claim free runes and arrows and all the unlocked items from leagues npc (dramen staff)
Pickpocket men for 5 thieving
Bank the inventory, except pickaxe
Start cooks assistance
Claim free runes/arrows again if possible
Run to eastern lumberidge mine
Mine 50/50 copper and tin till 24 mining (if packed, finish mining at varrock east mine)
Complete Misthalin mystery (drop ore for space)
Claim free runes/arrows again
Buy 2 Pots, 10 buckets, tinderbox, chisel, 2 spades and hammer.
Bank everything, take dramen staff + any mage gear + (IF goblins are not packed: axe and knife and pickaxe. IF goblins are packed:just pickaxe) and spade + 2 buckets

IF GOBLINS ARE PACKED SKIP:
Kill as many goblins as the arrows and casts allow or stop after completing task. (Bank 26 bones)
Woodcut and fletch while waiting for goblins to attack.

---- VARROCK ----
Pickup ashes from goblin area, if there is any
Run from east side to varrock
Pick up eggs and 2 buckets of milk on the way (Eggs are not worth sacrificing time if they are camped)
Store spade at the farming patch
Run to east side of varrock (Pick up 2-3 redberries and 2-3 Cadava berries, hop if needed)
Mine 6 iron ore.
Bank everything at varrock east bank
Steal from tea stall, for 20-40 thieving.(depening on tasks) Bank the tea.
Take cash from bank and one bone, complete museum miniquest, do museum stuff for lamps.
Start romeo and julia. + Feed the dog with bones.
Start demon slayer and shield of arrav and getrudes cat
Complete all the quests in fairly smart order that you can in varrock area (Romeo and julia, Shield of arrav, most of demon slayer(2/3 keys) and Getrudes cat(till lumberyard part(PICK DOOGLE LEAVES).

---- EDGEVILLE ----
Run to edgeville, smelt bronze bars and 2 iron bars. Bank everything and take 12 tea or so.
Pick up leather gloves
Run into edgeville dungeon, pick up bones from the dungeon if missing some for total of 25
Finish running to brass key, pick it up and go up the ladder.
Bank everything, bring full inv of tea AND pot, complete stronghold of security for 10k, if feeling good, complete fancy boots too

---- DRAYNOR ----
Run to draynor manor, complete Ernest the chicken (pick up med helm, bucket and shears)
Run to windmill, make flour, also pickup egg if missed earlier
Finally run to draynor
Pick up cheese, start vampire slayer and take garlic (If cheese is camped do agility while waiting)
Jump draynor village course for 30 agility
Buy rope from Ned 1-3
Buy Chronicle, Pages, Event RPG. IF POSSIBLE: Wines and hop seeds
Bank everything and fish some shrimps till 5 fishing
If you have 25 bones banked skip to 54.

Bring shears and best weapon. Go back to windmill, kill chickens till 25 bones. (Pick up feathers)
Start sheep shearer, fill inventory with as much

---- KARAMJA ----
Bank everything outside tanky stuff, bring 25 bones and dramen staff and small fishing net
Go to wizard tower, hand in 25 bones for Demon slayer
Use fairy ring to CKR
Fish karambwanji for 300-500 karambwanji or 10-15 fishing
Enter shilo village, buy both fishing rods, some bait and feathers and bank them.
Die to zombies outside shilo to get non cooldown method of getting to lumberidge.

---- ???? ----
Take fishing supplies, Axe, pickaxe, tinderbox, knife, Cash stack
Fish sardines till 20 fishing at lumberridge river
Finish/Start&Finish Sheep shearer
Depending on tasks buy steel axe and train woodcutting
Chronicle tele to champions guild and run to varrock
Run south, jump over fence for diary step
Buy 200 fire strike casts (2 mind packs, 4 air packs).
Buy beer in bar and talk to dr harlow for stake
Browse cloth shop at varrock, buy pink skirt.
Buy fire staff
Buy iron chainbody and run to east bank.
Bank chainbody, bring money, doogle leaves, sardine, bucket of milk, axe (equipped)
Head to lumberyard, buy saw and some iron nails
Finish finding getrudes cat
Chop down dead tree inside lumbermill, trade it in for a plank
Go back to varrock,buy newspaper for diary
Go to varrock palace and unlock silverlight.
Finish getrudes cat, take karambwanji from bank (to feed it)
Fish some trout, cook all the food banked. Prepare for demon slayer fight
Finish demon slayer fight.
????
Profit
